# yamasorofamily
I am a hard-working office worker who sits in front of the computer for 12 out of 24 hours. Because I have been sitting at my desk for a long time, I was accidentally attacked by an "occupational disease". After listening to my friends’ suggestions, I couldn’t change my career. Survive, so I can only start with "seats" and buy a professional computer desk chair to relieve symptoms! Of course, I also remind office workers that there is a common saying: "Life lies in exercise." If you have time, you should exercise more. This is the most fundamental solution!  I have bought a mesh chair online and a leather chair. The following is a comparison with my chair.  Both of these models are online brands. His ergonomic desk chair has been exported for 15 years, and the quality has been certified internationally, and the comfort and safety are leveraged!  The first chair was a mesh chair. The customer service said that many people bought it, and the price-performance ratio was relatively high, and it was a classic one.  The mesh chair is the classic and the best-selling computer chair. It is suitable for all occasions and is suitable for all seasons.  Advantage:  1. The headrest can be adjusted up and down, left and right to make the head more submissive. I sit up and work continuously for 8 hours without feeling tired  2. The lumbar support can also be adjusted up and down. It can be supported wherever it is uncomfortable to reduce the pressure on the lumbar spine. Moreover, the lumbar support can also be disassembled for easy cleaning;  3. The back of the chair can lie back 130°, I no longer have to sleep on the desk, I am very satisfied with this  4. The chair can also be raised to meet the most comfortable distance to the desk. It is also convenient to move. The wheels are very flexible, and it does not hurt the floor and has no noise.  5. The chair that the customer service said is that the air pressure rod is very important. The air pressure rod of this chair is SGS certified, and there is absolutely no danger.  I have used this chair for three years without any problems. It is still in use and it is very durable!   The second chair is an executive leather office chair, also called a boss chair. It is very tall and has an extraordinary sitting feeling!  The biggest advantage of this leather chair is that it also has a special footrest, and the back of the chair can lie down, so that you can have dreams on it at noon!  Advantage:  1. The leather is more luxurious, the sponge is super thick, sitting on it is the same as lying on the sofa!  2. Hand sewing skills, exquisite workmanship, beautiful and durable  3. The armrest can be stretched with the back of the chair, giving the arm the most comfortable support  4. The protruding length of the foot rest is just in line with the height of Asians, which can basically satisfy different groups of people  5. The chassis, pneumatic rods, five-star feet, rollers, etc. are all first-class quality, and it hasn't been broken after 5 years.  Disadvantages:  Not suitable for summer use, it needs to be set by occasion     In short, I am very satisfied with the two chairs I bought. My shoulder pain and low back pain have also been relieved a lot. I suggest that friends who are as troubled as me can buy them and try them!
